---
layout: post
title: Happy Birthday
---

it's been 2 years since ML was played by us & I see it is such an addictive games to us.

also 

it's been 9 years since we code, years have gone and our skills has increased exponentially.
....Sometimes I use to think no 1 can write code like us because we are real coders unlike others do their coding for the sake of knowing but we are different we take it to a new level which was amazed by everyone who sees, till today I'm happy for u my brother for introducing me to coding feels like you are a blessing, you are also blessed by our only God.


as to what I've seen @kit you're such a pro in coding mostly i'm proud of u and just want to tell u keep doing at what u were made for, dominate the entire local coders, underestimate them your power.in your reigns you are not alone you are backed by your greatest allies which is me and #rust #debl the best back up you could ever have, to be united as one. 

Never Give Up 

last but not least, Health is the greatest gratitude you could ever had, take good care of yourself , be balanced in everything you do then who? could stop you from growing like a strong tree, be wise as n ant, fly high like n eagle.

I write this as today is our day to cherish to be grateful with what we have and to level our capabilities ultimately to the max. Don't lose hope in what you do keep believing someday for sure will be iconic.

With love from your brother SAM

*happy birthday* to @Kit our PRO founder in programming fields. 



